1. Histogram Plot
Step-by-Step Breakdown:

    Data Loading:
        read_csv(filename, names=names, skiprows=1) loads the dataset as before, with custom column names and skipping the first row.

    Histogram Plotting:
        data.hist() creates a histogram for each numerical column in the DataFrame.
            Histogram: A histogram is a graphical representation of the distribution of a dataset. It groups data into bins (intervals) and counts how many data points fall into each bin.
            Visualization: Each column's data is plotted separately, showing the frequency of values within certain ranges.

    Display the Plot:
        pyplot.show() renders the histograms.

Purpose and Usage:

    Why Histograms?
        Understanding Distribution: Histograms help in visualizing the distribution of each variable. They provide insights into the central tendency (mean, median), spread (range, variance), 
        and the shape of the distribution (skewness, modality).
        Identifying Outliers: Unusual peaks or gaps in a histogram can indicate outliers or data issues.
        Checking Normality: In many statistical methods, the assumption is that the data is normally distributed. Histograms provide a quick visual check.

2. Density Plot (Kernel Density Estimation)
Step-by-Step Breakdown:

    Data Loading:
        read_csv(filename, names=names, skiprows=1) loads the dataset with specified names and skips the first row.

    Density Plotting:
        data.plot(kind='density', subplots=True, layout=(3,3), sharex=False) creates a density plot for each numerical column.
            Density Plot (KDE): A density plot is a smoothed, continuous version of a histogram, generated using a technique called Kernel Density Estimation (KDE). 
            It shows the probability density function of the variable, providing a more detailed view of the data distribution.
            Subplots: subplots=True means each column’s density plot will be drawn on a separate subplot.
            Layout: layout=(3,3) organizes these subplots in a 3x3 grid.
            X-axis Sharing: sharex=False means each subplot will have its own x-axis, allowing for different ranges if needed.

    Display the Plot:
        pyplot.show() renders the density plots.

Purpose and Usage:

    Why Density Plots?
        Smooth Distribution Visualization: Density plots provide a clearer picture of the distribution, especially when the underlying data is continuous. Unlike histograms, 
        they do not depend on bin size and can reveal more subtle features in the data.
        Comparing Distributions: They are useful for comparing the distribution shapes of different features and identifying modes (peaks).
        Checking Normality: Like histograms, density plots help in assessing whether the data follows a normal distribution or if it is skewed, multimodal, etc.

3. Box Plot (Box-and-Whisker Plot)
Step-by-Step Breakdown:

    Data Loading:
        read_csv(filename, names=names, skiprows=1) loads the data with specified column names, skipping the first row.

    Box Plotting:
        data.plot(kind='box', subplots=True, layout=(3,3), sharex=False, sharey=False) generates box plots for each numerical column.
            Box Plot: A box plot displays the distribution of data based on five summary statistics: minimum, first quartile (Q1), median, third quartile (Q3), and maximum. It also highlights potential outliers.
            Subplots: subplots=True means each feature’s box plot is drawn on a separate subplot.
            Layout: layout=(3,3) organizes the subplots into a 3x3 grid.
            X-axis and Y-axis Sharing: sharex=False and sharey=False indicate that each subplot has its own axis, allowing for different scales.

    Display the Plot:
        pyplot.show() renders the box plots.

Purpose and Usage:

    Why Box Plots?
        Understanding Spread and Outliers: Box plots are particularly useful for visualizing the spread and skewness of data. The presence of outliers is easily detectable as points outside the "whiskers."
        Comparing Distributions: Box plots make it easy to compare the distribution and spread of multiple variables side-by-side.
        Detecting Symmetry and Skewness: If the median line inside the box is closer to one end, it indicates skewness. A symmetric box plot (median in the center) suggests a symmetric distribution.

Summary of All Three Plots:

    Histogram: Provides a simple visualization of the distribution of each feature, useful for understanding the general shape and spread.
    Density Plot: Offers a smoothed version of the histogram, providing more detailed insights into the distribution, especially useful for continuous data.
    Box Plot: Summarizes the distribution of each feature, highlighting spread, central tendency, and outliers, essential for comparing distributions and detecting anomalies.

All three plots are key components of Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), helping you to understand the structure, distribution, and characteristics of your dataset before proceeding to more advanced modeling 
or analysis steps.